Gabe all better get outta here the
exchanger others officers like 10
contractors yeah I see it that's it just
go down the street and got we're going
to go for breakfast
yeah I was scared for the lady walking a
dog
I'll say what real SLE God is happily
like I'm el condor be your tour de
needed her Sangram bo-zone she got it we
go for it dad I mean
Oh
if they bout did mine why but I could
have been a lot worse Mike very fun so
I'm not a mind i know i know but that
phone they'll have the neon
mommy parking
right with mystify
a lil boss masa polite salivary I
bellucci simple I say Robbie was there
and everybody's hearing at this is the
only section that left no they're still
the ladies section and Jimmy's run